(GH-1933) Add documentation for self-documenting plans (#1946)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/writing_plans.md

without_default_logging { run_command('echo hi', $targets) }
```

## Documenting plans

When writing plans, it's helpful to document what the plan does and the
parameters that it accepts. This information can be used in `bolt plan show`
output or in the Puppet Enterprise console to provide users with context
on how to run the plan.

Unlike tasks, plans do not have a corresponding

> [metadata.json](writing_tasks.md#task-metadata) file. Instead, documentation
> is pulled directly from the plan using Puppet Types and [Puppet
> Strings](https://puppet.com/docs/puppet/latest/puppet_strings.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[metadata.json](writing_tasks.md#task-metadata) file. Instead, Bolt 
pulls documentation directly from the plan using Puppet Types and [Puppet
Strings](https://puppet.com/docs/puppet/latest/puppet_strings.html).
```

```shell
$ bolt plan show hello_world

hello_world - This plan prints 'hello world' to the console.

USAGE:
bolt plan run hello_world

MODULE:
/Users/bolt/.puppetlabs/bolt
```

### Parameter names, types, and defaults

When a plan accepts parameters, the parameter's name and type are automatically
included in the plan's documentation. If a parameter has a default value, that
value will also be displayed in the documentation.

For example, the following plan accepts two parameters, one of which has a
default value:

```ruby
# This plan runs a single command on a group of targets.
plan single_command (
  TargetSpec $targets,
  String     $command = 'uptime'
) {
  $results = run_command($command, $targets)
  return $results
}
```

Running `bolt plan show single_command` will display the plan's documentation,
which includes the parameter names and types:

```shell
$ bolt plan show single_command

single_command - This plan runs a single command on a group of targets.

USAGE:
bolt plan run single_command targets=<value> [command=<value>]

PARAMETERS:
- targets: TargetSpec
- command: String
    Default: 'uptime'

MODULE:
/Users/bolt/.puppetlabs/bolt
```

### Parameter descriptions

> It can be helpful to add descriptions for the parameters that a plan accepts.
> You can add a description for a parameter by using the `@param` Puppet Strings
> tag in a comment at the top of the plan file. To add a description, the
> comment should begin with `@param`, followed by the name of the parameter and
> the parameter's description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add a description for a parameter using the `@param` Puppet Strings
tag in a comment at the top of the plan file. To add a description, begin the comment
with `@param`, followed by the name of the parameter and the parameter's 
description.
```
